Hello.
Dan. hello. again.
Sorry to interrupt.
My sister's on nights.
Sorry. just working through
the old list as you know.
Dan I have asked you
not to keep coming round.
If I may. when we split up
you cited several reasons.
one of which was. we didn't
have much fun anymore.
We didn't in the end. did we?
What about the helicopter penis dance?
What?
The helicopter penis dance.
I did it one night when
we came back from the pub
and you said it was. I think
I'm quoting here. "hilarious."
Things like that can't
sustain a relationship. Dan.
Was it funny?
Have you been reading
that self-help book again?
Was the helicopter penis dance funny
and as a result did we have fun?
On that isolated occasion
there was an element of fun.
Thank you.
I will address other issues as and when.
Slip. slide. Goodbye.
Sorry one more thing.
please try and remember
all the compliments I've given you
and when I took that box of veg
over to your mum because
she had that bad eye thing.
[upbeat music]
[kids] Jump Maurice.
Jump Maurice. you pussy.
Sir. Maurice won't jump.
What do you want me to do about it?
Let's see.
We spent 45 minutes jumping off a table
whilst you scribble in a pad.
Maybe you should teach.
Maybe you should take
your little girl mask off. Rose West.
Jump Maurice!
Dennis calm down.
Honestly. why are you so angry?
I'm not!
He kills bees in his bedroom. sir.
No I don't!
Breathe. breathe.
Right. Maurice jump.
I can't do it. sir. I'm scared.
Mate. this is a bog
standard trust exercise.
I've been doing this shit for
years. you're safe as houses.
Jump.
I can't. sir.
Maurice. we need to try and get
the space captain's missus back.
What if she doesn't
want to come back sir?
What are the fuck you're talking about?
Perhaps she changed her mind.
Perhaps she's realized the
space captain is an idiot.
She hasn't.
She loves him.
The space captain's
been really kind to her.
he's given her loads of compliments.
and he took that box
of veg round to her mum
when she had that leaky eye thing. so.
Maurice. jump.
But sir. I don't like heights.
I don't imagine the
space captain's missus
likes getting banged by an alien. Maurice.
You're safe. I promise.
[bell ringing]
He'll be fine. just walk
him round for a bit.
Mr Davis.
Miss Lipsey.
What's wrong with Maurice?
Nothing. he's become a man.
[Maurice] I want my mum.
He's calling for his mum.
Good.
Man mum.
Right. I came to remind you
about the heads of
department meeting tonight.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry I can't come.
Dan!
Come on Emma.
My life's in tatters. you know that.
I started crying yesterday.
Do you want to know what I was doing?
I was watching Time Team.
Yeah. if you want this level
of sadness in a meeting.
This is the last one.
You're a head of department.
you've got to attend meetings.
I will. I promise.
[school bell rings]
Nice arse.
What?
Nothing.
What did you say. Dan?
That was embarrassing.
Jog on four eyes.
Hello Shakira.
I'm fascinated. what's in the special?
Egg.
Just egg?
Yeah.
Can I have me a special.
just the words egg.
I'll get Bob if you're gonna muck about.
Just a cup of tea please.
Shakira. what a delight.
Egg circus. yes please.
Alright super Tache?
Very much so.
Brussels here I come.
Have a great time. Brian.
enjoy the tour you booked
of the EU headquarters.
When did I take us to Laserquest that time
for Naomi's birthday.
Why?
I'm making a list of all the good times.
Dan. you can't solve
a relationship problem
by listing the past.
Why not?
I don't know where to start.
I'm not the one to solve this.
OK. you need to talk to a woman.
Word up.
But not that woman.
I'm shagged.
This thong is going in the
outside bin when I get home.
What is this nonsense?
[Jo] Sweaty salsa.
Training to get my instructor's diploma.
Is that ratified by the
university of scambridge?
Anyway. it's wicked fun.
you should come down now your single.
Loads of women. no blokes.
It's only Raoul the teacher.
I think he might be gay.
Number one. I'm not single.
Number two I've met Raoul.
of course he's fucking gay.
Number three. salsa's
for middle aged losers.
You're 40 and live with your parents.
And you've got a tiny little head.
looks like David Seamen's
all shrunken and vile.
Dan. please come.
Sign up for one class and then I get
a free massive plastic flower for my hair.
No.
I think Dan has more
basic needs to address Jo.
Yes. like. what am I going to cook Naomi
for our get back together meal tomorrow.
She hasn't even agreed to come yet.
this meal is all in Dan's head.
Bollocks!
I've done a deal with Big
Dave Bowers for the meat.
it's gonna be awesome mate.
That. coupled with my
program of nostalgia.
Christ. hasn't it occurred
to you just to try and change?
Change what?
You know. little things.
Get your car seat fixed.
Alright. I'll get it welded
up at Mad Nobby's tomorrow.
There you go.
OK. why is it your instincts
to have your car fixed by
a man called Mad Nobby?
Mad Nobby's awesome.
Thank you.
Does live in Torford though Dan.
Which is 15 miles away.
Go to a local garage.
No. Nobby's the cheapest.
And besides. I've got a plan.
You follow me to Nobby's tomorrow.
we drop the car off. we go back into town.
I pick up some meat. you
drive me back to Nobby's.
I drive my car back home.
I cook us a meal.
I put on some soft music.
Naomi comes round.
she likes the mince.
Next thing she knows. she's married to me.
we try and have children. we can't.
all my sperm are dead.
but it doesn't matter.
too late. she's trapped.
Dan. four o'clock tomorrow
I'm going to be on the
Eurostar with my wife.
I'm not missing out on a mini
break to go on a meat run.
[Shakira sighs]
♪ Da. da. da. da.
da. da. da. da. da. da ♪
Hurry up. I need the plate.
Daniel.
Don't start.
I've been cleaning out the garage.
Well done. I'll nominate you
for a Pride of Britain award.
Just doing my bit.
Your mum and Mrs. Wigmore
are doing a deep clean of the house.
so I tackled the garage
and guess what I found?
-No.
-Remember this. it's wonderful.
Come and have a quick knock about.
No. because unlike you
I don't have fond memories
of the old days
and I have no desire
to have a swing ball smashed
into my nuts on purpose.
Not on purpose.
Always on purpose. always on purpose.
Goodbye.
Daniel.
Please?
Look. what are you up to?
God. you're so suspicious.
See.
Just like the old days.
[bats swishing]
I told you. I'm not gonna play
if you're gonna be stupid.
Daniel. your service.
[boy] Mimples. Dad I can't find Mimples.
Daniel. that's not the swingball.
But I.
Mr Davis. have you seen Mimples?
No. wait.
[screaming]
He killed Mimples.
No. he threw it at me.
Daniel. I was throwing Mr.
Mimples for you to catch.
[boy] Mimples!
Not to smash it into a wall and kill.
What's going on?
Dad. he killed Mimples.
Oh. no. Mr. Stephens.
You sick fuck.
Wait.
That's it Dad.
Because. no.
Kill him like he killed Mr Mimples.
You murderer.
No please. please.
No I didn't mean to. I didn't mean to.
I'm sorry. I cannot do it.
Hang on. what's going on.
I'm sorry Daniel. it
was your dad's idea.
Daniel. you sad little girl.
He wet himself.
Daniel. Mimples was already dead.
He starved to death.
-I forgot to feed him.
-[all laughing]
This is sick. you're all sick.
What's all this noise around here?
Mrs. Wigmore.
What have you done?
[Mrs. Wigmore exclaims]
Daniel. you monster.
Phone an ambulance.
The paramedics think she'll be fine.
but they're keeping her
in for a couple of days.
What were you thinking putting
a space hopper on the path?
Right. because none of
that was Dad's fault was it.
you mental old crone?
Your dad never touched the space hopper.
And why are you wearing those
awful jogging bottoms again?
Mainly because my trousers
are covered in my piss.
Are they?
You better go and get them
so I can wash them.
I don't want you visiting
Mrs. Wigmore tomorrow
in mucky trousers.
I'm not going to visit Mrs. Wigmore.
She's your cleaner.
she'll want to see your
little walnut face.
I can't. I'm busy.
I've got a relationship to save.
What are you doing?
Nibbling some shortbread.
stroking a plant.
Alright. I'll go and visit
the cleaner in hospital.
Good boy.
And make sure you take a present too.
[Dan] Christ!
[Brian] Most people would spend
the morning of a holiday packing.
Brian. we're on a wicked
little road trip. it's exciting.
What the hell is that?
It's Nobby's version of a receipt.
Jesus. I thought Mad Nobby
was just an affectionate nickname.
[Brian] Should you have left
your car with him?
He's obviously genuinely unstable.
Nobby's awesome. he
knows Tinker from Lovejoy.
Have you put any thought
into what you're buying Mrs. Wigmore?
Have I put any thought into it?
What should I take her. a cooked lobster?
My uncle was killed by a lobster.
Yeah. was he allergic?
No.
There is something I need to do
before hospital actually.
It's permanent marker.
I've tried to get it off
but I think you can see
I've just made it red.
I don't want to know why
you have a tick on your head.
I just want you to stop coming round
and telling me odd things.
I mean what do you want me to say?
That is up to you?
OK.
I'm pleased you're having
your car seat mended
and that you're visiting your
mum's cleaner in hospital.
Thank you.
Would you like to come for a meal tonight?
Dan. we've split up.
I know. we're on a break.
We've split up.
But I will come round
later to pick up my stuff.
Lovely. I will have a home
cooked meal waiting for you.
No. I'm coming to get my things.
I'll be round at five.
A bit early for a meal.
Dan. look. I can see you are trying.
I'm addressing everything you said.
"All you ever do is go down the cafe
"with your silly friends" you said.
Not any more.
I'm really getting out there.
Visiting a cleaner
and mending a car seat
are not really getting out there.
That's not all I'm doing.
What else are you doing then?
Activities. fascinating activities.
I'll tell you about them
at the meal tonight.
I'm coming to collect my possessions
because we've split up.
Yes. and while you're there
we'll have a lovely meal
and I'll tell you about
all the interesting things
I'm doing in my spare time.
Slip. slide.
One more drop off mate.
What do you think?
Oh. my God. you look wicked.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
They feel a bit tight.
Supposed to be.
Don't worry about that.
Just stick a Pepsi Max bottle down there.
Shit. he's going mental.
come on. let's go.
Shall I tell Raoul
we're coming back next
week for the salsa class?
I'm not actually going to
the class. am I you twat.
I just want this to fool Naomi
into thinking I'm doing stuff.
Grab my clothes. I'm gonna go next door
to get Mrs. Wigmore a present.
Dan. Dan get in the bloody car.
Nearly there. Wigmore.
butchers. Mad Nobby's.
we're on schedule Brian.
I'll have a meal ready by five easy.
I've got tickets for
the Eurostar at four.
So stop keeping me talking then.
Tick tock.
[Dan] Mrs. Wigmore.
Daniel. how lovely of you to visit.
There was no need. I'll be home tomorrow.
[Dan] I bought you a present.
sorry about the space hopper.
Right. get well. we've
got to be off. come on Jo.
Vegetables?
No one brings vegetable as
a present. son.
it's weird.
-What's that tick on your head?
-It's a welding receipt.
And everyone likes a box
of vegetables. right?
It's the thought that counts.
You look like prostitutes.
One gay and one straight.
What?
Thanks.
It's just salsa.
My grandson bought me an audiobook.
-that's a proper present.
-Can you drop it?
She likes her vegetables.
Let's see some of your salsa.
We'd love to. but I'm afraid
we've got things to do.
we're in a bit of a rush. so...
enjoy your present. get well everyone.
Show us the moves.
We've haven't got time to do
a fucking salsa dance. guys.
What's all this fuss?
Young Daniel's brought
me some vegetables
and they're trying to bully them
into doing a salsa dance for us.
That would be lovely.
[Dan] Is anyone listening?
It's not happening.
Are you in too much of a hurry
to do a little dance
for our poorly friends.
Yes. I've got to go.
Where. what's so urgent?
I've got to cook some mince later.
I see.
-No the thing--
-How's the pain today Joan?
Awful.
Not surprised.
we've had to remove
the best part of your bowel.
Maybe she should have eaten
some fucking vegetables then.
We haven't got any music.
That's not the fucking salsa.
Where the hell have you been?
In the company of some
very selfish old people.
Look at the bloody time.
Sorry. we'll go straight to Nobby's now.
Thank you.
After we pop into Big Dave
Bowers to get some mince.
Jesus!
Right. goodbye.
Let me just check it's ready.
Doesn't matter if it's ready or not.
I'm going to the Eurostar.
Come on mate. ten minutes.
Why do we do anything for him?
He's going through a really
hard time at the moment. Brian.
When have you ever known him
not to be going through a hard time?
Once he gets Naomi back
He's not getting her back. is he?
Look at what he's planning on cooking her.
Hey. mince is nice.
Not on its own.
Make yourself comfortable
while I go and make you a massive plate
of unaccompanied cooked mince.
Stop it. you're making me hungry.
Nightmare. I haven't got any money.
For God's sake.
You've seen these salsa trousers Brian.
barely got room for a cock
and balls. let alone a wallet.
I've only got travelers checks. so.
Give me one of those. come on. tick tock.
Dan. I know this guy's called Mad Nobby.
but he's hardly going to
accept a travelers check
for a minor welding job.
At least let me try.
How much is it?
12 pounds.
12 pounds Christ. how
does he make a living?
I told you he's cheap.
They're in Euros.
Please Brian. Nobby is already wound up.
Right. we'll have to give
him a 15 Euro travelers check.
You can tell him that he's making
a tidy little profit there.
You're quite cross now. aren't you?
No.
You look cross.
I'm not cross. Jo!
You've got that vein in your forehead.
it comes out. it's all wrinkly.
He won't take a travelers check.
Ask Mad Nobby
if he'd mind dreadfully
you taking the car on trust.
you could pop back tomorrow
with your 12 pounds!
I'll give that a go.
-[Jo] Brian
-Don't talk!
He went a bit weird. but
he says I can have the car
and he'll take the money
in a different way.
Right!
Jo. would you mind getting
out of the car please?
Dan. would you mind taking
your two bags of mince?
[car starting]
Brian. get me
one of those massive Toblerones.
Do you think Brian's cross.
[loud crashing]
Nobby appears to have deducted his costs.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I've had a few issues.
Nice outfit.
How much mince do you want?
I think I could really
get into salsa you know.
we should go sometime.
Big Dave Bowers has given
me far too much mince here.
I could. I could feed the whole town.
Dan.
I don't even like mince.
Right.
See you.
Look after yourself.
Wait.
Remember this?
Helicopter.
[door opening]
[smoke alarm beeps]
♪ Wind you body ♪
♪ Wriggle you belly ♪
♪ You dip and go down in a new style-ee ♪
♪ Wind and go up ♪
♪ Wind and go down ♪
♪ Bobble and a rock
to the new style around ♪
♪ Are you fe line it up ♪
♪ Are you fe wine it up ♪
♪ Do the Boom shack a lak a
till the dance hall full up ♪